Jt table badge usage (#1560)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/table/partials/content/link-usage.md

## Links within cells

!!! Info

This guidance is an extension of the [Inline Link](/components/link/inline) guidelines.
!!!

Within a table, use `secondary` (`Foreground / Strong`) links as the default.

> Use `Body / 200 / Link` as the default typographic style within a table. This style increases the prominence a small amount to differentiate it from other string and non-interactive content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Body / 200 / Link` as the default typographic style within a table. This style increases the prominence slightly to differentiate it from other string and non-interactive content.
```

Reviewer: Also maybe change "string and non-interactive content" to "text content"?

Reviewer: (I would normally not use the word "string" in a design context but reserve it more for contexts related to code.)

![Link example](/assets/components/table/link-example.png)

#### Multiple links

> If a table contains more than one column of links, consider using `Body / 200 / Link` for the most important link; usually the title of the row, ID, or other naming convention. For less important links use `Body / 200 / Regular` with an added underline in Figma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a table contains more than one column of links, consider using `Body / 200 / Link` for the most important links; usually the title of the row, ID, or other naming convention. For less important links, use `Body / 200 / Regular` with an added underline in Figma.
```
